Component structures:

The ttrpg consists of a variable amount of components which,
at the point of writing this, are deduced to amount to the following,

-Buffs (on self)
-Debuffs (offensive, incurred)
-Descriptions (entity / global)
-Rolled tables
-Narratives
-Skills / Feats
-Attributes
-Counters (ie: health, stamina, base_damage)
-Time
-Tokens

These 10 components constitute an acting entity in ttrpg games.
As an example:
PCs, NPCs, Monsters, environment, durations in combat. In a gameplay
session players and monsters can act upon other entity's
Counter variables, ie: points in a health bar. They can also
cause debuffs,  buffs which affect conditions or their skills and
what they are able to do during their Time.

The aim is not to create rules, but to generate rulesets for
ttrpgs to easily follow through these entities and their
commensurate components.


Entity Narratives and Global Narratives:

There is a difference between an entity narrative, and a global
narrative. Entity narratives can be seen as about entity itself and it's
relationship to the global narrative. For example, a short sword might
have the following components,

SHORTSWORD
entity_description: "good for slashy stabby times!",
global_ description: "cast by the murk goblins of Yorr!"

global narratives should be used for plot and events.


Entities within Entities:

Entities can hold other entities within themselves; a NPC, PC, or treasure
chest could all hold items/entities eith there own descriptions, buffs,
debuffs etc.

Entity types and inheritance:

Entities can be anything, the GM is the one who makes the categories.
There could be an Entity to simply describe a race/tribe of people
with there own buffs, debuffs, and skills. GMs will be able to use
their self made categories to act as parents to other entities.
ie: a PC is an Elf which, because of that, the PC gets the buffs on
specific attributes and skills passed on from the parent entity.



Counters:

Counters inform most of the logic surrounding rule creation and could
almost be considered as the nervous system  which connects entities
and their internal parts. Buffs and debuffs are nothing other than
positive or negative Counter on a skill or attribute, which could
affect a player's dice roll. Buffs and Debuffs could then be considered
types of Counters.


Rolled Tables:

I include initiative mechanics as a type of rolled table. It doesn't
deserve it's own component as different mechanics utilize the rolling
sequences differently. A notable comparison is between D&D and Dragonbane;
in D&D one rolls on a skill with bonuses (or buffs) based on attributes,
where in Dragonbane initiative is through cards amd player choice.
The sort of mechanic presented in dragon bane introduces an additional
feature known as Tokens.

Tokens:

Tokens are akin to game peices. Anything that is supposed to flip (like
cards) mark conditions to keep track of, peices on a map (a feature of
which could be implemented later.
